## Cyclic overlap partitioning:

The goal of this partitioning algorithm is to find a set of cyclically occurring hyperplanes (axis aligned), each pair of which bounds roughly half of the objects in a physics scene. By having enough of these partitions, each element in the scene can then be grouped according to the number that is generated by indices of the partitions it is inside of.

Partial encapsulation would be to include an object in a partition if it is even partially within it. Total encapsulation is to include the object only if it is fully within the partition. 

Partial encapsulation is too lenient, it leads to too many object entries being included in the final table. Total encapsulation has its own issues however. Total encapsulation requires careful setup to actually include enough of the objects, as many objects will be ignored if they don't align well. Then the remaining objects have to be handled in some manner as well.

Information about roughly how large the bounding boxes are going to be can greatly improve the performance of this algorithm.

In order to properly test and characterize this algorithm, I need a 2D test scene to visualize the bounding boxes, the partitions, and the overlapping regions of the partitions.

## Todo:

- [ ] Create a simple test scene with SFML, Blend2D, and `ImGUI`.
- [ ] Create a simple camera setup to allow for panning, zooming, and recentering the view.
- [ ] Render pass for the bounding boxes.
- [ ] Render pass for the partitions, with partial transparency for properly visualizing the overlaps.
- [ ] Get some kind of idea of how performant the algorithm is.



- [x] Implement a more compact version of the hierarchical hash table. (Done in branch`htable`)
- [ ] Test the table redesign